README.md, before:

# Curriculum Notebooks
Home of curriculum related notebook content developed by Callysto developers. These notebooks are designed to help teachers bring computational thinking into their math, science, social sciences, and humanities courses. 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get a copy of the project up and running on the remote callysto hub for development purposes.

Sign in to the [Callysto hub](https://hub.callysto.ca) and start your server.

Create a new Terminal instance in the hub and then clone this git repo. You should now see this repo in the hub.

Read the [training manual](https://github.com/callysto/training-manual) before you begin notebook development.

## Built With

* [syzygy](http://syzygy.ca) - Provides access to supercomputing resources and cloud hosting of notebooks.

## Contributing

If you are a K-12 teacher please sign up using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0i25Ounu-VXhgvI8lkrIwjeDetcls9DbBEJZuuru5taa8PQ/viewform?embedded=true).

We also welcome interest from outside collaborators in both industry and academia.
If you would like to be added to the project please contact india@pims.math.ca

## Authors

* [**Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences**](http://www.pims.math.ca) - *PIMS is dedicated to promoting excellence in the mathematical sciences, enriching public education, and creating partnerships with similar organizations around the world.* 

* [**Cybera**](https://www.cybera.ca) - *Cybera provides supercomputing services.* 

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/callysto/curriculum-notebooks/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

* This project is funded by Canada's CanCode Grant.
* We appreciate Fernando Perez and his team at Berkeley for maintaining Jupyter, thank you meeting with us to provide project insights and collaboration.
* A special thanks to all of the teachers whose collaboration and support has been a key part of the project.

Commit message:

Clean before committing to Master

README.md, after:

# Curriculum Notebooks
Home of curriculum related notebook content developed by Callysto developers. These notebooks are designed to help teachers bring computational thinking into their math, science, social sciences, and humanities courses. 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get a copy of the project up and running on the remote callysto hub for development purposes.

Sign in to the [Callysto hub](https://hub.callysto.ca) and start your server.

Create a new Terminal instance in the hub and then clone this git repo. You should now see this repo in the hub.

Read the [training manual](https://github.com/callysto/training-manual) before you begin notebook development.

## Built With

* [syzygy](http://syzygy.ca) - Provides access to supercomputing resources and cloud hosting of notebooks.

## Contributing

If you are a K-12 teacher please sign up using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0i25Ounu-VXhgvI8lkrIwjeDetcls9DbBEJZuuru5taa8PQ/viewform?embedded=true).

We welcome interest and pull requests from outside collaborators in both industry and academia.
Please read the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before committing to this repo.


## Authors

* [**Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences**](http://www.pims.math.ca) - *PIMS is dedicated to promoting excellence in the mathematical sciences, enriching public education, and creating partnerships with similar organizations around the world.* 

* [**Cybera**](https://www.cybera.ca) - *Cybera provides supercomputing services.* 

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/callysto/curriculum-notebooks/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the CC License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

* This project is funded by Canada's CanCode Grant.
* We appreciate Fernando Perez and his team at Berkeley for maintaining Jupyter, thank you meeting with us to provide project insights and collaboration.
* A special thanks to all of the teachers whose collaboration and support has been a key part of the project.
